Convert Netlify CMS project to an example (#778)
pulumi/examples: aws-ts-netlify-cms-and-oauth/cms/README.md

The infrastructure requires three stack configuration properties: `pathToWebsiteContents`, `targetDomain`, `certificateArn`.
- pathToWebsiteContents
  - The path to the builded content of this React Website app.
  - Run a yarn build will create a build folder which contains the builded file and we should pass the directory of the build folder to this variable.
  - Passing build folder instead of the whole folder is to put a worked version onto AWS S3 bucket for CloudFront to look for
- targetDomain
  - a target domain name that you wish to put into.
  - we used a subdomain of a parent domain and the parent domain have to be alive on your AWS account's Route 53 console it would automatically create the subdomain for you
  - this is also the site_domain you should put inside the cms/public/config.yml for Netlify CMS to read
- certificateArn
  - This is optional.
  - If you have already had a certificate inside the AWS's Certificate Manager for this CMS app, then put it's arn as the value for this variable

### Assume Role (Optional)

> It is recommended that you use assume an IAM role with more permissions in the _target_ AWS using a token for an IAM user in the _source_ account. To do this, you could refer to the [aws-ts-assume-role example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-assume-role) for more information. The example is available in multiple languages in our [examples repostiory](https://github.com/pulumi/examples).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is recommended that you use an IAM role with more permissions in the _target_ AWS using a token for an IAM user in the _source_ account. To do this, you could refer to the [aws-ts-assume-role example](https://github.com/pulumi/examples/tree/master/aws-ts-assume-role) for more information. The example is available in multiple languages in our [examples repostiory](https://github.com/pulumi/examples).
```

After deploying the cms-oauth web app, we should also put the domain of the oauth-server we build in the cms/public/config.yml's base_url configuration

## Code Path

1. The enter point for this app was in **public/index.html** which includes multiple scripts and the div with id root for inserting the CMS content.

1. **src/index.js** which create an App React DOM from **src/App.js** and insert into the div with id root in the public/index.html. 

1. App.js then create NetlifyCMS component instance from **src/components/NetlifyCMS** folder.

1. **src/components/NetlifyCMS/index.js** specify the behavior for NetlifyCMS and we could register CMS custom templates, custom widget there. 

1. CMS.init() will initialize CMS using **public/config.yml** which is the core of this app, which contains collection, backend settings, and other settings

> ## Development Details

Author: deleted the part mention about cms.corptron9000

Now Github workflow was implemented. Directly push to master branch would automatically deploy cms to http://cms.corptron9000.pulumi.com/
Open a new branch and commit to the new branch would only do a pulumi preview until merge, which you could see from the Github Actions. For testing:

### Local Development

1. Specify the repo, site_domain and base_url in the cms/public/config.yml's backend block.
![First Step: change cms config](Readme-Screenshots/cms-config-setings.jpg)
  repo is the target repo you would like CMS to view and make edits on
  site_domain is the domain name for the CMS web application

>   base_url is the domain name for the oauth server that we specify in cms-oauth folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `base_url` is the domain name for the OAuth server (deployed from the `cms-oauth` folder)
```

> 1. To check if config.yml works and do a simple local deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To run the CMS app locally, run:
```

```bash
yarn start
```

> It would automatically update if you made another change to config.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It would automatically update if you made another change to `config.yml`
```

### 
1. Build the App

```bash
yarn build
```
This would build the App and create a build folder under root directory. 

2. Go to infrastructure folder config the Pulumi stack

```bash
$ cd infrastructure

> $ pulumi stack init pulumi-website-cms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pulumi stack init website-cms
```

$ pulumi config set aws:region us-east-1
$ pulumi config set pulumi-website-cms:pathToWebsiteContents ../build

> $ pulumi config set pulumi-website-cms:targetDomain https://some-cms-domain.pulumi-demos.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ pulumi config set pulumi-website-cms:targetDomain https://some-cms-domain.com
```

# the targetDomain have to match what you put for site_domain inside the config file ./cms/public/config.yml
```

> - path to website contents would specify the folder generated by yarn build and upload that folder to S3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- path to website contents would specify the folder generated by `yarn build` and upload that folder to S3
```

> - target domain is the domain for the App now it is as subdomain under pulumi-demos.net

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- target domain is the domain for the app
```

4. Run pulumi up
```bash
$ pulumi up
```

## CMS UI Introduction

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> Before you can login into the CMS app, you must complete the steps in the OAuth server to either run it locally or deploy it to the cloud.

```

1.  Open up a server with working example with

    ```bash
    $ yarn start
    ```
    it will automatically updated the page with any changes.

2.  Login using Github account.

    ![login page](Readme-Screenshots/login.jpg)

3.  Click on any page you want to edit at collections page or add new page using the "New Webinar/Event Page" button

    ![collection page](Readme-Screenshots/collection_page.jpg)

    Fill in in specified field at the entry page

    ![entry page](Readme-Screenshots/entery_page.jpg)

> > For images uploads, currently all images that webinar pages requires would be uploaded to *static/images/webinar* related to root in docs repository including preview image and icon image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Click save button at the top of the editing page would 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Save** button at the top of the editing page would 
```

> - create a new branch at docs repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new branch in your target repo
```

> - open a pull request 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Open a pull request 
```

> - make initial commit to the branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make initial commit to the branch
```

> - add tag to the commit says "drafts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add tag to the PR that indicates that it is a "draft"
```

> - produce a card at the drafts column on the editorial workflow page (mentioned in 5. 6.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds a card in the drafts column on the editorial workflow page (more on the workflow UI below)
```

> 5. Click Back Button would go back to collection page and click Workflow button would bring out the editorial workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Click the Back button to go back to the collections page and clicking the **Workflow** button would bring out the editorial workflow
```

    ![workflow button](Readme-Screenshots/Workflow_button.jpg)

    ![Editorial Workflow](Readme-Screenshots/Editorial_Workflow.jpg)

> 6. Move a change card from "Drafts" column to "In Review" column would remove "draft" tag of the commit on docs repo and create an "in-review" tag to the commits in docs repo 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Moving a card from the "Drafts" column to the "In Review" column will remove the "draft" tag and apply an "in-review" tag on the PR
```

> 7. Move a change card from "In Review" to "Ready" columns would change the commit tag to "ready"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Similarly, moving a card from "In Review" to "Ready" columns would change the PR tag to "ready"
```

> 8. Hover on the card in "Ready" column would show "publish change" button, which would merge the branch into the master branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Hover on the card in "Ready" column would show **Publish change** button, which would merge the PR.
```
